Hawkeye: All of them.
Every last one.
Inconsiderate, gamma-faced
glutton-head...
(woman screams)
(woman screams on tv)
Next time, knock.
What do you want?
What do I want?
I wanted pickles!
Now? I just want
some answers.
(woman screams on tv)
Can only deal with one
girly scream at a time.
(in high pitched voice) girly?
You overgrown
garbage disposal!
How do you know it was me?
Aw, come on!
(burps)
(sniffs)
There it is.
Pickle juice.
I can smell it.
(scoffs) big mouth
for a small head.
Fine, yeah, I ate
your stupid pickles.
(groans)
cry about it outside.
Hey, I remember these.
What are you doing?
Gotta say, there really is
nothing like a little
glass unicorn
To show off your
soft side, hulkie.
(woman screams)
Get away from that!
Get away from what... Ah!
(grunts)
Whoa!
(beeping)
I said back away!
That is it! I've had
enough of your...
Huh?
(rumbling)
(glass shatters)
(groans)
(echoing) scabby!
(whimpers)
(chuckles nervously)
you know what?
Just forget the pickles.
(screams)
(roaring)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(hulk roaring)
(screams)
(roaring)
Ugh. Again?
Your turn,
captain hall monitor.
(panting)
(grunts)
(shrieks)
Come on, give me a break!
Stop moving, and I will!
(growls)
All right, look,
you jade temper tantrum,
This was totally your fault.
Your arrow. Your bad.
Hulk, hawkeye... Do you
know what time it is?
He's bent out of shape
over one of his stupid
glass animals that fell.
You... You didn't...
Hawkeye, did you
mess with the zoo?
No. The zoo?
You got a death
wish, hawkeye?
Me? What about
the pickles?
(annunciating) pickles!
Alien 1: Are you
recording this?
Alien 2: Indeed.
He's every bit as savage
As mojo said he would be.
Have we found
my star attraction?
Alien 1: He is occupied.
Engaged in a...
What is the word?
"stand-off"?
Oh, of course.
A classic.
Like an american cowboy.
Now, be good underlings
And bring me the hulk.
Accidents happen, hulk.
I'm sure hawkeye
feels bad about it.
I like watching him shake.
Take a step.
I dare you.
I wouldn't do that.
He didn't mean it, hulk.
Dare me?
Hulk: You dare me?
Stand down, hulk.
(growls)
Hawkeye: Whoa!
Hulk: Bet you're sorry now!
Now? Now I'm glad
your glass doll is broken.
Doll?
Enough's enough, guys.
This is embarrassing.
Alien 1: I can't
get a clear shot.
Take 'em both.
(whirring)
No, let him sweat, tin...
Oh, that's just great.
Now what?
(hulk grunts)
Get off me, you rage-filled,
crystal-collecting...
Uh, hulk?
I don't think we landed
in a new york street.
Alien 2: This isn't right.
Ah, I see.
We have received a parasitic
life-form in error.
A bonus indeed.
Mojo:  Ladies,
gentlemen, others.
Look what I've brought you.
Wait... "special guest"?
(grunts)
(cameras clicking)
(yelling) whoa!
(grunts)
A gladiatorial arena?
Can't I ever be transported
to some island paradise?
Or a ski slope? Or...
(monster roars)
(audience cheering)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Down, boy! Down, boy!
Whoa! Hey!
A little help here, hulk?
(monster screeches)
Mojo:  From arena 6c,
Aboard the mojo
ensign class warp-ship,
It's mojo-pocalypse!
Tonight's combatants...
Earth's emerald giant,
The incredible,
the insatiable hulk!
And a human
hitch-hiking parasite
that shoots sharp sticks!
This guy!
And finally,
Reigning mojo-pocalypse
champion,
Torgo!
What are you waiting
for, hulk?
An apology.
Apologize? To you?
You threw me out a window!
Huh.
Happy?
(panting)
Hulk?
Mojo:  The mighty... Nay,
The indestructible hulk
Felled by a single punch?
Now that's good cookin'.
Let's hear it for him.
Torgo!
(cheering)
(chanting) torgo! Torgo!
Now let's see how this, uh,
Hand-picked human place holder
Fares against your
10-time tournament champion
And all-around crusher.
Mojo:  Who gives you the best
in cosmic entertainment?
Audience: (chanting)
mojo! Mojo!
I can't hear you!
(audience cheering)
torgo make quick.
Not the kind of
pickle I wanted.
Torgo make bang-bang!
Not on hawkeye, he doesn't.
(groans)
Who's in charge here?
Mojo: I sent you to earth,
The most unruly planet
in the galaxy,
And this is what I get?
Torgo needs
a worthy challenger!
Who's this
yellow-haired flesh bag?
He's messing with my show.
Teleport green meanie
Back in there
before I fall asleep
Watching this yawn-fest.
And bring me
seven buckets of krill.
Mojo hungers. Go!
(groans)
And look who's back
wanting more!
The inescapable hulk.
(powering up)
We're on the verge
of a nasty comeback,
And I can only get
5.2 billion to watch?
It's the sports event
of a lifetime.
The whole universe
should be tuned in!
(grunts)
Here's metal in your eye!
Torgo bless you with one...
Two!
Torgo smash!
Hulk: That's my line!
(grunts)
Huh?
(whistles)
nice double, hulk.
Home run.
Mojo: Total knock-out?
(cackles)
Mojo:  Hulk is
the new champion!
(bell dings)
Hate paparazzi.
You may be the champion
of the arena,
But I'm the undefeated
master of public opinion.
(squeals)
What does an audience adore
even more than a champion
or an underdog?
A rematch!
(coughs)
(hulk grunts)
Torgo say night-night,
green-green.
Come on, green-green.
Up and at 'em.
(groans)
What happened?
Torgo made bang-bang.
(growls)
(groaning)
I thought you were mojo's
bff warrior lapdog.
What is this? A trick?
No. Torgo prisoner, like you.
Mojo biggest galactic
fight promoter.
Go from galaxy to galaxy
big-talking next bout.
With each fight,
mojo grow powerful.
Torgo learn bouts are fake.
Winner picked
before each fight.
Torgo winner, all time.
Torgo make bang-bang,
Mojo no cancel torgo home.
Cancel home?
What do you mean,
destroy your planet?
Yeah. Great boom-boom.
This torgo's story.
This torgo's apology.
You're apologizing?
To us?
Well, there's something
I don't hear every day.
Haven't forgotten
about you.
Oh, so we're back to our
regularly-scheduled program?
Don't worry, pickle puss.
You'll be back to your old
doll collection shortly.
Not doll! Don't call it doll.
Humans. (sighs)
Doomed.
Audience: (chanting)
mojo! Mojo!
Thank you! Thank...
Silence!
Can we get on with it?
I'm hungry...
(moans)
(gulps)
...Uh, to give you
tonight's fight.
(burps)
Mojo:  Hailing from
planet earth,
The green machine...
Hulk!
(audience cheering)
And friend.
(crickets chirping)
Are those space crickets?
They're not here for you.
(audience cheers)
What? I got charisma.
(cheering)
(cameras clicking)
(roars)
Mojo:  Derby of demise!
Round two.
No, no, no.
Hold up, hulk!
Torgo's not
the bad guy here.
Wait it out and try...
(both groaning)
(all groan)
That's right, sports fans!
We've got ourselves
a good old
"derby of demise."
The rules are simple.
There are none!
The last alien
standing lives.
What are we dealing
with, torgo?
Fight. Fight all.
Win for home.
Torgo sorry.
Can I fight him now?
Uh, okay.
Anything you wanna
say to me before
whatever happens here?
No. You?
You are really stubborn,
you know that?
(monster shrieking)
uh...
And angry!
I like when you're angry.
Let's get this over with.
(warrior roars)
(grunts)
(hulk roars)
(snarls)
(grunts)
(growls)
(hulk growls)
(grunts)
Whoa!
(cackles)
Mojo:  Yes! Rocket punch!
(cheering)
(torgo grunts)
(cheering wildly)
Good fight.
(yelling)
(cackles)
Now torgo bless...
Huh?
(groans)
(all gasp and groan)
Hawkeye: Sorry, torgo.
Hulk's a pal.
I'll be okay.
Stop mojo. Win.
There are still two
combatants standing.
Us? Versus each other?
Forget it, mojo.
We only fight
over pickles.
They want to flex
their muscle.
I'll flex mine.
You forfeit?
Sick of all your games
And all your chins.
Good one.
I've decided not to renew
your contract, gentlemen.
You've been canceled.
Ta-ta for now.
Wait!
(hawkeye screams)
Wait, before you... (groans)
And where did you
two go, exactly?
Hawkeye: Wherever it was,
It just came here.
(aliens screeching)
What is this?
Oh, an intergalactic
fight promoter
Who wants to destroy
the planet.
You know, the usual.
(creatures shrieking)
Now this is my
kind of sport!
Have at thee, monsters!
(grunts)
We all know mine's
good, but hey, hulk,
How's your aim?
Actually, on second thought,
This may be a really bad idea.
Nah. Best idea
you've had all day.
Hey, I'm sorry for
eating your pickles.
Thank you! I'm sorry too...
Wait, why are you
saying this now?
Just in case.
(hawkeye yells)
(grunts) hulk!
See you inside!
Mojo:  Tonight!
Torgo the tenacious
Takes on not one,
But six of
the nastiest brawlers
That planet earth
has to offer!
Including the rematch
you've all been
waiting for...
The hulk!
Clash of the brash!
Available now on pay-for-view.
Only 70 billion fractin.
I am awesome!
But can you do something
about that fourth chin?
(hulk roars)
Never let it be said
you don't know
how to make an entrance.
(screeching)
underlings!
How dare you run?
I swear, people have
no work ethic these days.
But why beat on me when
you can get beaten on?
Torgo, make bang-bang!
(mojo squeals)
Torgo had enough.
(mojo screams)
(torgo groans)
So many cancellations today.
(hulk groans)
Guess I'll have to find
a new fall lineup.
(hawkeye grunts)
You're just not popular
enough to star in
your own vehicle, uh...
What's your name?
(arrow whizzes)
(crashing)
The name's hawkeye.
This is the part
where you come quietly,
wire-for-brains.
Or what? More violence?
You earthers love to fight.
Over every trivial thing!
"hulk ate my green crunchies!"
"stick-shooter broke
my crystal animal!"
Everything is a fight!
And I'm the bad guy?
(hawkeye yells)
(hawkeye grunts)
Thanks for
having my back.
Enough talk. More smash.
You gotta be kidding.
Talk about a design flaw.
Who puts an exposed
control panel
On the bottom
of their hover chair?
(screams)
Hulk?
(chuckles nervously)
Well, that's our show.
Good fight
And good night, everybody.
Man, I really
hate teleporters.
Torgo: Torgo take ship
and return fighters home.
Then have bounty
placed on mojo.
Time that mojo
go big-boom.
Uh, I like that plan.
Let us know if you need
a hand when you find him.
We avengers love to avenge.
Look, hulk. Mojo said
a lot of dumb stuff,
But one thing made sense.
You and me make mountains
out of molehills, and,
You know, the whole thing with
the crystal in your room.
All of that?
I'm sorry.
(grunts) already apologized.
I know. Just...
Wanted it to be sincere.
We're good.
(hawkeye grunts)
(groans)
(yawns) huh? What the...
Now that's what
I'm talking about!
Ah, that big green galoot!
I didn't know
he had it in him.
Perfect, I'm starving.
Empty? (grunts)
Empty. Empty?
(hawkeye growls)
What?
"I.O.U. 15 boxes of pickles.
"got hungry."
Hawkeye: (screams) hulk!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org